hey everyone so i just wanted to
make this quick video to kind of update
you on what my plans are for this fall
i've been getting like so many questions
from you guys about what i'm doing what
i'm up to this year because of covid
am i going to harvard am i taking a gap
year like am i dropping out of school
there's so many people that have been
asking so many questions so i wanted to
make a video to
clear the air and also announce some
super exciting news so
up until a few weeks ago i actually
didn't even know what i was doing kind
of to backtrack a little bit
we got kicked off of campus in march
because of covid
so we weren't allowed back and we all
thought that we would be
you know back in the fall like normal
like when we were saying goodbyes was
like see you in the fall
i actually left early to go home to
hawaii because
my parents wanted me to come home early
i didn't have midterms at that time
and it was right before spring break so
i left early for spring break not
realizing that we were gonna get kicked
off campus so all of my stuff was still
in boston
so i like frantically called my roommate
and my mom and they like
helped me organize uh movers and my
roommate helped me move out kara she's
an
angel so all of my stuff is still in
boston so i was like okay no worries
like i'll just get it in the fall and
then
when i went to korea for the summer to
live with some friends that i met during
study abroad last year
and it looked like that i was going to
take a gap year because when i was in
korea
harvard announced that all classes would
be online
for the 2020-2021 academic year my
junior year of college
and that my year so juniors sophomores
and juniors were definitely not allowed
back on campus only freshmen so the
class of 24 were gonna be allowed to
enter campus and then
maybe seniors in the spring so my class
was definitely not going to be on campus
and it looked like also we were gonna
have to pay full tuition for online
class that was about 50k
and i just kind of sat down and thought
and said you know what this
really isn't for me it's you know i've
already taken a gap year but it's so
much more worth it i think
to take a gap year and not pay 50k
to do zoom university and online school
and you know really miss out on the
harvard experience in the college
experience i said okay great i'm gonna
embrace another gap year it's totally
fine i'll be like
24 graduating from college just said 22
but that's okay
and so the plan was to stay in korea so
i originally wasn't only intending to
stay about a month and then my flight
home got cancelled because of covet and
it kind of worked out that
also i was going to stay and do a gap
year so i was looking at living in korea
staying at my visa and then applying for
a work visa right about in august
one of my friends lauren posted on
twitter and said guys
i'm skipping out on the us and i'm going
to oxford and i was like hold on wait
what
you can do that and she's from the uk
and
i'm actually a british citizen i don't
know if many of you guys know that
so my mom is from england and my entire
like mom's side i also say
mum but my mom's entire side of the
family is from england
so i'm half british and i'm a uk citizen
so i'm a dual citizen
and when i was in korea i was looking at
living in london and going to london
college of fashion or instituto marigoni
which is
a italian fashion school but that has a
branch
in london so i was looking at going to
fashion school so around in august
i was planning on moving to london and
living with family for a bit and then
with friends
and i was going to be in london for
probably the semester maybe the year for
my gap year
so at that point i reached out to my
friend and said how
how are you going to oxford i didn't
know i thought harvard cancelled all
study abroad because i was also supposed
to study abroad in the fall
and that completely got cancelled i was
either going to go to paris or tokyo
sadly harvard isn't allowing anyone to
study abroad but my friend said there is
actually something called study away so
if you're an international student and
you are
living in the country of residence you
can attend
classes there in person and it's
technically a study away so all
classes will count for harvard credit so
at that point i was going to be in
london
anyway living with family so just kind
of on a whim i applied to oxford i
applied to a specific college
and they were like yeah it would be
great to have you like you know we have
visiting students that come
and you know this is a weird year but
you know we're going to be in person
you're going to be living in college and
we'd love to have you so i was super
excited applied right away like got my
application done
like at the end of the end of august
literally applied in august for
an october start date super crazy
normally have to apply almost like a
year in advance but you know extenuating
circumstances and covet and everything
and they were
so so sweet and willing to help out a
few weeks later i officially got my
letter that i was in
and i was accepted and i was literally
over the moon so excited
and i was living in london with family
and just staying there and kind of like
exploring the city so that's what i've
been doing for the past
the past couple of weeks and yeah
officially i
am an oxford student so basically
instead of taking a gap year
i was gonna be class of 23 instead of 22
and taking another
gap year now i am going to be class of
22 and i'm essentially just spending my
junior year
studying away at oxford so i am a
visiting student so i do not matriculate
which is the process of being you know
yeah matriculated into the university
and i do not sit exam so normally there
are
exams they're called like prelims or
preliminary exams at the end
of your freshman year at oxford so i do
not sit
exams which is really nice but other
than that i am essentially treated as a
full-time degree seeking student in
every other
way which is very cool so basically i
will be spending
my junior year at oxford and then come
back to harvard next year
for my senior year and then graduate in
like planned so that's the plan right
now always subject to change i'm
literally always moving around and
figuring things out and i really wanted
to make the most of this year and make
the best of it
you know given covet and given
everything that's happening right now i
didn't feel like it was worth it to be
online and so
i found a way to make this year
meaningful for me whether it was going
to be a gap year or
you know yeah now going to oxford to
continue to advance my studies
my passions my interests to continue to
grow as a person and not be
stuck in the house all day doing nothing
so
i'm so so grateful for this opportunity
and so excited i've actually moved in
a move-in vlog will be coming soon of
course like so much oxford content is
gonna be coming it's super exciting
it's day three here currently but i just
wanted to like update you guys and
officially
announce that i'm going to oxford for
the year i'm
so so excited and you can look forward
to me
being a very americanized
slightly british person at a very
british university so it's like super
traditional
and very very fun and cool i'm meeting
so many people
everyone's lovely like the uk system is
so different than the us system in
almost every single way especially like
education
but i'm so excited to just fully
integrate myself to make
new friends to meet people and really
just make the most of my year here
so yeah i hope that answers all of your
questions about like what i'm doing this
year i know it's been kind of a
whirlwind and i wanted to wait to like
officially announce what i was doing
because even i didn't know up until a
few weeks ago so it kind of goes to show
you that
you know take charge your life is in
your hands you know if you don't like
the situation you're in
you can try to do something to change it
and you never know what can happen like
be open
to opportunities i never would have
thought that i would have been here
you know when i was little i always
wanted to go to oxford i toured oxford
with
my mom and like wanted to embrace my
british heritage but you know ended up
going to harvard instead
and now it's kind of come completely
full circle like when i was little i
used to tell people
the two colleges i'm gonna go to or i
want to go to are harvard and oxford
and now it's so so crazy that i've
managed to make both of those a reality
yeah i'm just i'm just so excited and so
grateful for this opportunity
and just i think it's it's gonna be a
really great year and i'm so excited to
share that with you guys
so look forward to so much oxford
content
and i will see you soon bye